readme.md, before:

# Cubitt Template

A template project to help easily start developing new Cubitt modules.

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uu-cubitt/template/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uu-cubitt/template.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/uu-cubitt/template)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/uu-cubitt/template/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/uu-cubitt/template/coverage)

## About

This package provides a basic setup for most TypeScript packages in 
the Cubitt framework.

## Features

* git configuration
* NPM (package) configuration
* travis CI configuration
* codeclimate configuration
* tslint configuraion
* typings configuraion
* typescript configuration

## Usage

Clone this template project and then remove the .git folder.
Then initiate a new git repository:

```bash
/$ git clone git@github.com:uu-cubitt/template.git
/$ cd template
/$ rm -rf .git
/$ git init
```

Change the following files:

* rename ```cubitt-template.ts``` to ```cubitt-new-module.ts```
* update the main and typings fields in ```package.json``` and all links with the new module name
* update ```readme.md``` to include information about the new module

And finally commit the changes, create a new Github repository and push the new framework.

```bash
/$ git add --all
/$ git commit -m "Initial setup"
/$ git add remote git@github.com:uu-cubitt/<new module>.git
/$ git push -u origin master
```

## For developers

To get started:

```bash
/$ npm run dev
```

To run the unit tests:

```bash
/$ npm run test
```

To generate a test coverage report:

```bash
/$ npm run test-coverage
```

To generate documentation:

```bash
/$ npm run typedoc
```

For windows users these scripts might not work

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

## Changelog

[Changelog](changelog.md)

Commit message:

updated usage instructions to include travis and code climate steps

readme.md, after:

# Cubitt Template

A template project to help easily start developing new Cubitt modules.

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uu-cubitt/template/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uu-cubitt/template.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/uu-cubitt/template)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/uu-cubitt/template/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/uu-cubitt/template/coverage)

## About

This package provides a basic setup for most TypeScript packages in 
the Cubitt framework.

## Features

* git configuration
* NPM (package) configuration
* travis CI configuration
* codeclimate configuration
* tslint configuraion
* typings configuraion
* typescript configuration

## Usage

Clone this template project and then remove the .git folder.
Then initiate a new git repository:

```bash
/$ git clone git@github.com:uu-cubitt/template.git
/$ cd template
/$ rm -rf .git
/$ git init
```

Change the following files:

* rename ```cubitt-template.ts``` to ```cubitt-new-module.ts```
* update the main and typings fields in ```package.json``` and all links with the new module name
* update ```readme.md``` to include information about the new module

Next, create a new Github repository and enable the repository on Github.
Then commit and push the changes.

```bash
/$ git add --all
/$ git commit -m "Initial setup"
/$ git add remote git@github.com:uu-cubitt/<new module>.git
/$ git push -u origin master
```

After then push is completed, go to [Codeclimate](https://codeclimate.com/dashboard) and add the new repository.
Then navigate to the repository settings - code coverage - javascript
and copy the ```CODECLIMATE_REPO_TOKEN=8e3...``` to the Travis environment.
Then rerun the build on Travis so the coverage information is send to Codeclimate.

## For developers

To get started:

```bash
/$ npm run dev
```

To run the unit tests:

```bash
/$ npm run test
```

To generate a test coverage report:

```bash
/$ npm run test-coverage
```

To generate documentation:

```bash
/$ npm run typedoc
```

For windows users these scripts might not work

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

## Changelog

[Changelog](changelog.md)
